Add xAPI Client auto-configuration (#92)
BerryCloud/xapi-java: README.md

</project>
```

### Configuration

The xAPI Java Client has a Spring AutoConfiguration bean which picks up the following properties from the environment:

```
xapi.client.baseUrl
xapi.client.username
xapi.client.password
xapi.client.authorization
```

> Set `xapi.client.baseUrl` to your xApi LRS endpoint. Use `xapi.client.username` and `xapi.client.password` for basic authorization, or set the whole authorization header via `xapi.client.authorization`. (The latter has precedence if both method is used)

Reviewer: Link to spring documentation for how to set properties. (see other pro for example.)

> | xapi.client.authorization     | Authorization header (has precedence over the above properties)    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| xapi.client.authorization     | Authorization header (has precedence over the username and password properties)    |
```

> Properties can be set using any [external configuration](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.4.5/reference/htmlsingle/#boot-features-external-config) method supported by Spring Boot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties can be set using any [external configuration](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/3.0.4/reference/htmlsingle/#features.external-config.files) method supported by Spring Boot.
```
